c:\users\pipa&make\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameGameHaa2\GameGameHaa2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Witch_Idle01.xnb
c:\users\pipa&make\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameGameHaa2\GameGameHaa2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\GameGameHaa2.exe
c:\users\pipa&make\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameGameHaa2\GameGameHaa2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\GameGameHaa2.pdb
c:\users\pipa&make\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameGameHaa2\GameGameHaa2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\pipa&make\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameGameHaa2\GameGameHaa2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\pipa&make\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameGameHaa2\GameGameHaa2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\pipa&make\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameGameHaa2\GameGameHaa2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\pipa&make\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameGameHaa2\GameGameHaa2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\pipa&make\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameGameHaa2\GameGameHaa2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\pipa&make\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameGameHaa2\GameGameHaa2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\pipa&make\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameGameHaa2\GameGameHaa2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\pipa&make\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameGameHaa2\GameGameHaa2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\pipa&make\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameGameHaa2\GameGameHaa2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\pipa&make\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameGameHaa2\GameGameHaa2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\pipa&make\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameGameHaa2\GameGameHaa2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\pipa&make\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameGameHaa2\GameGameHaa2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\pipa&make\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameGameHaa2\GameGameHaa2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\pipa&make\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameGameHaa2\GameGameHaa2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\pipa&make\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameGameHaa2\GameGameHaa2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\pipa&make\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameGameHaa2\GameGameHaa2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\pipa&make\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameGameHaa2\GameGameHaa2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\pipa&make\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameGameHaa2\GameGameHaa2\obj\x86\Debug\GameGameHaa2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\pipa&make\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameGameHaa2\GameGameHaa2\obj\x86\Debug\GameGameHaa2.exe
c:\users\pipa&make\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameGameHaa2\GameGameHaa2\obj\x86\Debug\GameGameHaa2.pdb
C:\Users\Pipa&Make\Documents\Eero\MonoGame\GameGameHaa2\GameGameHaa2\obj\x86\Debug\GameGameHaa2.exe
C:\Users\Pipa&Make\Documents\Eero\MonoGame\GameGameHaa2\GameGameHaa2\obj\x86\Debug\GameGameHaa2.pdb
C:\Users\Pipa&Make\Documents\Eero\MonoGame\GameGameHaa2\GameGameHaa2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Witch_Idle01.xnb
C:\Users\Pipa&Make\Documents\Eero\MonoGame\GameGameHaa2\GameGameHaa2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\GameGameHaa2.exe
C:\Users\Pipa&Make\Documents\Eero\MonoGame\GameGameHaa2\GameGameHaa2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\GameGameHaa2.pdb
C:\Users\Pipa&Make\Documents\Eero\MonoGame\GameGameHaa2\GameGameHaa2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\Pipa&Make\Documents\Eero\MonoGame\GameGameHaa2\GameGameHaa2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\Pipa&Make\Documents\Eero\MonoGame\GameGameHaa2\GameGameHaa2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\Pipa&Make\Documents\Eero\MonoGame\GameGameHaa2\GameGameHaa2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\Pipa&Make\Documents\Eero\MonoGame\GameGameHaa2\GameGameHaa2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\Pipa&Make\Documents\Eero\MonoGame\GameGameHaa2\GameGameHaa2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\Pipa&Make\Documents\Eero\MonoGame\GameGameHaa2\GameGameHaa2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\Pipa&Make\Documents\Eero\MonoGame\GameGameHaa2\GameGameHaa2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\Pipa&Make\Documents\Eero\MonoGame\GameGameHaa2\GameGameHaa2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\Pipa&Make\Documents\Eero\MonoGame\GameGameHaa2\GameGameHaa2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\Pipa&Make\Documents\Eero\MonoGame\GameGameHaa2\GameGameHaa2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\Pipa&Make\Documents\Eero\MonoGame\GameGameHaa2\GameGameHaa2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\Pipa&Make\Documents\Eero\MonoGame\GameGameHaa2\GameGameHaa2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\Pipa&Make\Documents\Eero\MonoGame\GameGameHaa2\GameGameHaa2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\Pipa&Make\Documents\Eero\MonoGame\GameGameHaa2\GameGameHaa2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\Pipa&Make\Documents\Eero\MonoGame\GameGameHaa2\GameGameHaa2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\Pipa&Make\Documents\Eero\MonoGame\GameGameHaa2\GameGameHaa2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\Pipa&Make\Documents\Eero\MonoGame\GameGameHaa2\GameGameHaa2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\Pipa&Make\Documents\Eero\MonoGame\GameGameHaa2\GameGameHaa2\obj\x86\Debug\GameGameHaa2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Pipa&Make\Documents\Eero\MonoGame\GameGameHaa2\GameGameHaa2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Tile_Floor.xnb
